---
layout: post
title: 2019 NFL Draft
date: 2018-08-20 12:00
category: Analysis
author: Brandon Lee
thumbnail: nfl-logo.png
---

The 2019 NFL draft may be months away, but here we will predict where the Browns will be selecting next April, what positions they will hope to address, and a few players who could be available.

<br>

## Draft Choice

The Browns win projection, per FPI, was 5.7. The Browns are tied for the 5th hardest schedule and with so many new faces, expect their total to be around that. The Cleveland Browns haven't won multiple games in a season in 2 years so don't get your hopes up too high, this is a team which is still rebuilding and while it is loaded with potential, they are likely not quite there yet. I expect the Browns to have a pick in the 5-10 range, a very high selection which could see them finding a superstar. If they capitalize on this potential choice, they could be a very competitive team for multiple years.

<br>

## Positions to Address

While it is tought to tell now as the team has only played 2 preseason games, I will attempt to predict which positions will need the most help and will be addressed in the offseason. Obviously injuries occur and are unpredictable but as for the weakest position groups on the roster, I expect the front office to target pass rushers, both inside and out, receivers, and another left tackle. The defensive front is young and talented but after Myles Garrett there is a lack of pass rushers. There is also a lack of depth at defensive tackle and the team will most definitley address this. As for wide receiver, there are simply too many liabilities at the position; the group is strong but an additional security blanket playmaker would be beneficial. Lastly, Joel Bitonio may remain at left tackle for the remainder of his career but I expect John Dorsey to bring in a talented left tackle next year and potentially move Bitonio back inside.

<br>

## Potential Draftees

As the College season has yet to begin, we can only predict who will excell and be a top selection. Below we list a few players who could be first round picks that fill the Browns needs.

<br>

#### Pass Rusher

-Nick Bosa (DE)

-Ed Oliver (DT)

-Rashan Gary (DE)

-Clelin Ferrell (DE)

<br> 

Bosa and Oliver headline a group of defensive lineman that are the cream of the crop, there are an abundance of talented pass rushers who will see their names called next year.

<br>

#### Wide Receiver

-A.J. Brown

-N'Keal Harry

-David Sills

-Anthony Johnson

-Parris Campbell

<br>

A.J. Brown is a clear headliner in this group, projected to go as high as in the top 5, but there is a steep drop off after the Mississippi superstar. The Browns could eye one of the other guys lister in a later round and develop them for the future. 

<br>

#### Offensive Tackle

-David Edwards

-Trey Adams

-Jonah Williams

-Mitch Hyatt

-Greg Little

<br>

Another very strong group entering the draft, the Browns will have the chance to find another Joe Thomas and move Joel Bitonio back inside. With so many highly touted players, the Browns could wait and snatch up a left tackle in the second or third round.



