---
layout: post
title: Fire Hue
date: 2018-01-30 12:00
category: News
author: Tyler Lee
thumbnail: logo.png
---

It's been a ~~fun~~ long ride. 1 and 31. One and thirty-one. 1 and 1111111111111111111111111111111. I said long, right?

<br>

You know what I can't stop thinking about during this ~~wonderful~~ exhausting streak of ~~wins~~ loses? The Patriots won a superbowl and are on the verge of having another - not to mention the same number of wins as the Browns have loses this season. Could this be due to some cosmic force conjuring the new Browns as the yang to the antithesis Patriots yin? ~~Possibly.~~ No. Could this be due to the entirely differing philisophies between the two dynasties? (A dynasty of suck is still a dynasty...)

<br>

In my not so humble opinion the biggest piece of the puzzle is the lack of accountability that becomes game winning character on the field. If it's alright to drop a pass knowing you are going to play the next snap anyway and not run laps in practice for it, why not drop another? I mean who cares right, as long as you are getting your **MASSIVE** paycheck (looking at you Kenny Britt). Where is the incentive to care?

<br>

_Meanwhile on the Patriots..._
If you so much think about fumbling the ball as the running back, your butt is going to feel steel ~~toed boot~~ bench for a month (looking at you James White). Setting this precedent before anyone sets foot on the frozen Foxborough astroturf ensures a focused mindset and it's incredibly visible week in and week out as the Patriots continue to lead the league in fewest penalties and coincidentally also continue to unmercifully stomp on the "competition".

<br>

So what's the takeaway? Well Browns, you haven't really set yourselves up for success by permitting a perenially losing attitude to permeate the locker room. Each time I hear about Jackson cuddling players who made mistakes, craftily devising excuses for lacksidasical behavior, and then subsequently blaming the team for not being good enough to win games I ~~figuratively~~ tear my hair out and shout to the Football God (poster of Belicheck on the wall) **WHERE IS THE ACCOUNTABILITY!?!?**

<br>

Did I like the a-hole coaches throughout my youthful days? No. But did I win championships with those same coaches while having scores of teams never amount to anything with pansy coaches? Yes. Sure I had some fun with those glorified babysitters. But that's not why you are there. The job description for an NFL head coach doesn't say "Make sure everyone is involved and above all has fun!". It says go win a damn superbowl, write your names in the history books, and show off that ring ~~on your middle finger~~.

<br>

With that I say adeu to the ~~great depression~~ Jackson Era with the Browns and hope John Dorsey has the stones to show some tough love to Hue Jackson because Jackson definitely doesn't show any to the players.
